#EXTM3U url-tvg="https://anutv.xyz/epg/anutv.xml" refresh="3600"
#EXTM3U x-url-tvg="https://anutv.xyz/epg/anutv.xml" refresh="3600"

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TVRI.Id" tvg-logo="" group-title="Lokal", REFRESH
https://www.googleapis.com/drive/v3/files/1POg60MplNQC1AEk5RQJnbMryyFgHYVMq?alt=media&key=AIzaSyBZfIDpz7d3xJl6Vv9Ev4CJfI-1gtb0BxQ


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TVRI.Id" tvg-logo="" group-title="Update", Anutv WA ADMIN 087890558115
https://www.googleapis.com/drive/v3/files/1w-2T-scfYZ9hpMLi9x4E75uBThknjprd?alt=media&key=AIzaSyBZfIDpz7d3xJl6Vv9Ev4CJfI-1gtb0BxQ


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TVRI.Id" tvg-logo="" group-title="Update", Tambah Provider Siaran
https://www.googleapis.com/drive/v3/files/1POg60MplNQC1AEk5RQJnbMryyFgHYVMq?alt=media&key=AIzaSyBZfIDpz7d3xJl6Vv9Ev4CJfI-1gtb0BxQ

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TVRI.Id" tvg-logo="" group-title="Aktivasi ALL PROVIDER", Anutv WA ADMIN 087890558115
https://www.googleapis.com/drive/v3/files/1w-2T-scfYZ9hpMLi9x4E75uBThknjprd?alt=media&key=AIzaSyBZfIDpz7d3xJl6Vv9Ev4CJfI-1gtb0BxQ

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TVRI.Id" tvg-logo="" group-title="Aktivasi ALL APLIKASI", Tambah Provider Siaran
https://www.googleapis.com/drive/v3/files/1POg60MplNQC1AEk5RQJnbMryyFgHYVMq?alt=media&key=AIzaSyBZfIDpz7d3xJl6Vv9Ev4CJfI-1gtb0BxQ

#EXTINF:-1 group-logo="https://anutv.xyz/gambar/kontak.jpg" tvg-id="TVRI.Id" tvg-logo="https://anutv.xyz/gambar/kontak.jpg" group-title="Contact Us", Whatsapp 087890558115
https://www.googleapis.com/drive/v3/files/1POg60MplNQC1AEk5RQJnbMryyFgHYVMq?alt=media&key=AIzaSyBZfIDpz7d3xJl6Vv9Ev4CJfI-1gtb0BxQ
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TVRI.Id" tvg-logo="https://anutv.xyz/gambar/kontak.jpg" group-title="Contact Us", Telegram @AnuTV_Official
https://www.googleapis.com/drive/v3/files/1POg60MplNQC1AEk5RQJnbMryyFgHYVMq?alt=media&key=AIzaSyBZfIDpz7d3xJl6Vv9Ev4CJfI-1gtb0BxQ


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TVRI.Id" tvg-logo="" group-title="Aktivasi ALL PROVIDER", Tambah Provider Siaran
https://www.googleapis.com/drive/v3/files/1POg60MplNQC1AEk5RQJnbMryyFgHYVMq?alt=media&key=AIzaSyBZfIDpz7d3xJl6Vv9Ev4CJfI-1gtb0BxQ

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TVRI.Id" tvg-logo="" group-title="DaftarMember", Anutv WA ADMIN 087890558115
https://www.googleapis.com/drive/v3/files/1w-2T-scfYZ9hpMLi9x4E75uBThknjprd?alt=media&key=AIzaSyBZfIDpz7d3xJl6Vv9Ev4CJfI-1gtb0BxQ


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TVRI.Id" tvg-logo="" group-title="DaftarPREMIUM", WA 087890558115
https://www.googleapis.com/drive/v3/files/1w-2T-scfYZ9hpMLi9x4E75uBThknjprd?alt=media&key=AIzaSyBZfIDpz7d3xJl6Vv9Ev4CJfI-1gtb0BxQ


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TVRI.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/tvri.png" group-title="Lokal",TVRI
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/PemersatuBangsa/sa_dash_vmx/PemersatuBangsa.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="GTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/gtv.png" group-title="Lokal",GTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/GTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GTV-HD.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZNDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MNCTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/mnctv.png" group-title="Lokal",MNCTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCTV-HD.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="iNews.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/inews.png" group-title="Lokal",iNewsTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/iNewsTV-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/iNewsTV-HDD.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id



#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Trans7.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/trans7.png" group-title="Lokal",Trans 7
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Trans7-2/sa_dash_vmx/Trans7-2.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TransTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/transtv.png" group-title="Lokal",Trans TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TransTV-2/sa_dash_vmx/TransTV-2.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id



#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MetroTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/metrotv.png" group-title="Lokal",Metro TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Metro-TV2/sa_dash_vmx/Metro-TV2.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="RTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/rtv.png" group-title="Lokal",RTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTV/sa_dash_vmx/RTV.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="KompasTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/kompastv.png" group-title="Lokal",Kompas TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KompasTV/sa_dash_vmx/KompasTV.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="JakTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/jaktv.png" group-title="Lokal",JAKTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/JakTV/sa_dash_vmx/JakTV.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="JTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/jtv.png" group-title="Lokal",JTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/JTV/sa_dash_vmx/JTV.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="BaliTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/balitv.png" group-title="Lokal",BALI TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BaliTV/sa_dash_vmx/BaliTV.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZNDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="DAAITV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/daaitv.png" group-title="Lokal",DAAI TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/DAAITV/sa_dash_vmx/DAAITV.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="BandungTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/bandungtv.png" group-title="Lokal",BandungTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BandungTV/sa_dash_vmx/BandungTV.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Net..Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/net.png" group-title="Lokal",Net.
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NetTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/NetTV-HD.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="BeritaSatu.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/bs.png" group-title="Lokal",Berita Satu
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeritaSatu/sa_dash_vmx/BeritaSatu.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MusicTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/musictv.png" group-title="Entertainment",Music TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MusicChannel/sa_dash_vmx/MusicChannel.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Infotainment.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/ie.png" group-title="Entertainment",Infotainment
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCInfotainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCInfotainment.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="VisionPrime.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/visionprime.png" group-title="Entertainment",Vision Prime
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/VisionPrime/sa_dash_vmx/VisionPrime.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Entertainment.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/ent.png" group-title="Entertainment",MNC Entertainment
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCEntertainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCEntertainment.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="OKTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/oktv.png" group-title="Entertainment",OKTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/OKTV/sa_dash_vmx/OKTV.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="FMN.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/fmn.png" group-title="Entertainment",FMN
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FMN/sa_dash_vmx/FMN.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="AXN.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/axn.png" group-title="Entertainment",AXN
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AXN/sa_dash_vmx/AXN.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="KIX.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/kix.png" group-title="Entertainment",KIX
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KIX/sa_dash_vmx/KIX.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="tvN.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/tvn.png" group-title="Entertainment",tvN
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvN/sa_dash_vmx/tvN.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="One.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/sonyone.png" group-title="Entertainment",Sony One
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SetOne/sa_dash_vmx/SetOne.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Lifetime.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/lifetime.png" group-title="Entertainment",Lifetime
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Lifetime/sa_dash_vmx/Lifetime.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HITS.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/hits.png" group-title="Entertainment",HITS
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HITS/sa_dash_vmx/HITS.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ABCAustralia.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/abcaustralia.png" group-title="Entertainment",ABC Australia
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AustraliaPlus/sa_dash_vmx/AustraliaPlus.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="JiangsuTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/jiangsutv.png" group-title="Entertainment",Jiangsu TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/JiangsuTV/sa_dash_vmx/JiangsuTV.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HunanTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/hunantv.png" group-title="Entertainment",Hunan TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HunanTV/sa_dash_vmx/HunanTV.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ShanghaiDragonTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/dragontv.png" group-title="Entertainment",Dragon TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ShanghaiDragonTV/sa_dash_vmx/ShanghaiDragonTV.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="XingKongTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/xingxong.png" group-title="Entertainment",Xingkong TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/XingKongTV/sa_dash_vmx/XingKongTV.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="AnhuiTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/anhuitv.png" group-title="Entertainment",Anhui TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnhuiTV/sa_dash_vmx/AnhuiTV.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="NHKWorldJapan.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/nhkworld.png" group-title="Entertainment",NHK World TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldTV/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldTV.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="NHKWorldPremium.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/nhkpremium.png" group-title="Entertainment",NHK World Premium
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldPremium/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldPremium.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Animax.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/animax.png" group-title="Kids",Animax
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Animax/sa_dash_vmx/Animax.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="KidsTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/kidstv.png" group-title="Kids",Kids Channel
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KidsChannel/sa_dash_vmx/KidsChannel.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="NickJr..Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/nickjr.png" group-title="Kids",Nick Jr
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NickJr-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/NickJr-HDD.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Boomerang.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/boomerang.png" group-title="Kids",Boomerang
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Boomerang/sa_dash_vmx/Boomerang.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="BabyTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/babytv.png" group-title="Kids",Baby TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BabyTV-NewHD/sa_dash_vmx/BabyTV-NewHD.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CBeebies.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cbeebies.png" group-title="Kids",CBeebies
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cbeebies/sa_dash_vmx/Cbeebies.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Nick.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/nickelodeon.png" group-title="Kids",Nickelodeon
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Nickelodeon/sa_dash_vmx/Nickelodeon.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="IMC.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/imc.png" group-title="Movies",IMC
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD/sa_dash_vmx/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Galaxy.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/galaxy.png" group-title="Movies",Galaxy
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Galaxy-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Galaxy-HD.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="GalaxyPremium.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/galaxypremium.png" group-title="Movies",Galaxy Premium
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/GalaxyPremium-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GalaxyPremium-HD.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Thrill.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/thrill.png" group-title="Movies",Thrill
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CelestialMovies.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cm.png" group-title="Movies",Celestial Movies
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialMovie/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialMovie.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CelestialClassicMovie.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/ccm.png" group-title="Movies",Celestial Classic Movies
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialClassic/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialClassic.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ZeeBioskop.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/zeebioskop.png" group-title="Movies",ZEE BIOSKOP
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeBIOSKOP/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeBIOSKOP.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="tvNMovies.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/tvnmovies.png" group-title="Movies",tvN Movies
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvNMovies/sa_dash_vmx/tvNMovies.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HitsMovies.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/hitsmovies.png" group-title="Movies",HITS Movies
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HitsMovies/sa_dash_vmx/HitsMovies.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CinemaWorld.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cinemaworld.png" group-title="Movies",Cinema World
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaWorld/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaWorld.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MNCNews.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/mncnews.png" group-title="News",MNC News
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCnews-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCnews-HDD.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="IDXChannel.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/idx.png" group-title="News",IDX
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/IDX/sa_dash_vmx/IDX.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SEAToday.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/seatoday.png" group-title="News",SEA TODAY
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SEA-Channel/sa_dash_vmx/SEA-Channel.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ChannelNewsAsia.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cna.png" group-title="News",Channel News Asia
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ChannelNewsAsia/sa_dash_vmx/ChannelNewsAsia.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="AlJazeeraEnglish.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/aljazeera.png" group-title="News",AL JAZEERA English
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlJazeeraInternational/sa_dash_vmx/AlJazeeraInternational.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="BBCWorldNews.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/bbcworldnews.png" group-title="News",BBC World
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCWorldNews/sa_dash_vmx/BBCWorldNews.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CNN.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cnninternational.png" group-title="News",CNN International
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNNInternational/sa_dash_vmx/CNNInternational.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="EuroNews.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/euronews.png" group-title="News",EuroNews
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/EuroNews/sa_dash_vmx/EuroNews.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CNBC.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cnbcasia.png" group-title="News",CNBC Asia
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNBC/sa_dash_vmx/CNBC.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="RTEnglish.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/rt.png" group-title="News",RT English
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTEnglish/sa_dash_vmx/RTEnglish.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="France24.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/france24.png" group-title="News",France 24
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/France24/sa_dash_vmx/France24.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="DW.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/dw.png" group-title="News",DW TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/DW/sa_dash_vmx/DW.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TRTWorld.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/trt.png" group-title="News",TRT World
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TRTWorld/sa_dash_vmx/TRTWorld.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CGTN.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cgtn.png" group-title="News",CGTN
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Bloomberg.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/bloomberg.png" group-title="News",Bloomberg
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Bloomberg/sa_dash_vmx/Bloomberg.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="FoxNewsChannel.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/foxnews.png" group-title="News",FOX News
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxNews/sa_dash_vmx/FoxNews.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SPOTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/spotv.png" group-title="Sports",SPOTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV-HD.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SPOTV2.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/spotv2.png" group-title="Sports",SPOTV 2
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV2-HD.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MNCSports.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/mncsports.png" group-title="Sports",MNC Sports
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports-HD.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODop
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MNCSports2.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/mncsports2.png" group-title="Sports",MNC Sports 2
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports2-HD.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODte
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MNCSports3.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/mncsports3.png" group-title="Sports",MNC Sports 3
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports3-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports3-HD.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="FightSports.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/fightsport.png" group-title="Sports",Fight Sports
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FightSports/sa_dash_vmx/FightSports.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SoccerChannel.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/soccerchannel.png" group-title="Sports",Soccer Channel

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MuslimTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/muslimtv.png" group-title="Religi",Muslim TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCMuslim/sa_dash_vmx/MNCMuslim.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="AlQuranAlKareem.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/mekkah.png" group-title="Religi",Al Quran Al Kareem
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlQuranAlKareem/sa_dash_vmx/AlQuranAlKareem.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TV9.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/tv9.png" group-title="Religi",TV9
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TV9/sa_dash_vmx/TV9.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TVMu.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/tvmu.png" group-title="Religi",TVMU
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVMuhammadiyah/sa_dash_vmx/TVMuhammadiyah.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TawafTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/tawaf.png" group-title="Religi",Tawaf TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TawafTV/sa_dash_vmx/TawafTV.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Arirang.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/arirang.png" group-title="News",Arirang
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Arirang/sa_dash_vmx/Arirang.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Besmart.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/besmart.png" group-title="Knowledge",Besmart
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeSmart/sa_dash_vmx/BeSmart.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="BBCEarth.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/bbcearth.png" group-title="Knowledge",BBC Earth
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCEarth-HD/sa_dash_vmx/BBCEarth-HD.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="NationalGeographic.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/ngc.png" group-title="Knowledge",Nat Geo Channel
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoChannel/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoChannel.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="NatGeoWild.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/natgeowild.png" group-title="Knowledge",Nat Geo Wild
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoWild/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoWild.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="History.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/history.png" group-title="Knowledge",History
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/History/sa_dash_vmx/History.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CrimeInvestigation.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/crimeinvestigation.png" group-title="Knowledge",Crime Investigation
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CrimeInvestigation/sa_dash_vmx/CrimeInvestigation.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CGTNDocumentary.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cgtndoc.png" group-title="Knowledge",CGTN DOCUMENTARY
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN_Doc/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN_Doc.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/afn.png" group-title="Lifestyle",AFN
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AFN-HD/sa_dash_vmx/AFN-HD.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://github.com/RizkyWebID/IPTV-Streaming/raw/main/imagecache/logo_arirang.png" group-title="Lifestyle" tvg-id="009" tvg-name="009-ARIRANG", ARIRANG
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Arirang/sa_dash_vmx/Arirang.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://github.com/RizkyWebID/IPTV-Streaming/raw/main/imagecache/logo_axn.png" group-title="Lifestyle" tvg-id="010" tvg-name="010-AXN", AXN
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AXN/sa_dash_vmx/AXN.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://anutv.000webhostapp.com/IMG-20201116-WA0006.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle",FMN 
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FMN/sa_dash_vmx/FMN.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://anutv.000webhostapp.com/IMG-20201116-WA0006.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle",HGTV 
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HGTV/sa_dash_vmx/HGTV.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://anutv.000webhostapp.com/IMG-20201116-WA0006.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle",Lifetime 
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Lifetime/sa_dash_vmx/Lifetime.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://anutv.000webhostapp.com/IMG-20201116-WA0006.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle",Sony One 
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SetOne/sa_dash_vmx/SetOne.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://anutv.000webhostapp.com/IMG-20201116-WA0006.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle",OKTV 
https://anevia114.mncnow.id/live/eds/OKTV/sa_dash_vmx/OKTV.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://anutv.000webhostapp.com/IMG-20201116-WA0006.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle",Vision Prime 
https://anevia114.mncnow.id/live/eds/VisionPrime/sa_dash_vmx/VisionPrime.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://anutv.000webhostapp.com/IMG-20201116-WA0006.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle",Infotainment 
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCInfotainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCInfotainment.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://anutv.000webhostapp.com/IMG-20201116-WA0006.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle",MNC Entertainment 
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCEntertainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCEntertainment.mpd|referer=https://www.visionplus.id





#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_80.png" group-logo="https://www.anutv.xyz/gambar/te.png" group-title="VISION+",RCTI HD
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RCTI-DD/sa_dash_vmx/RCTI-DD.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_82.png" group-title="VISION+",MNC TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCTV-HD.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="GTV.id"  tvg-logo="https://img.okezone.com/content/2017/10/11/598/1793668/hut-global-tv-bertransformasi-jadi-gtv-sebarkan-semangat-inspirasi-dan-motivasi-HuUpnwftig.jpg" group-title="VISION+",GTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/GTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GTV-HD.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSqjRjYQzeZXe4kOyrHIaWlcGMLzdHQcFjg6w&usqp=CAU" group-title="VISION+", TRANS 7
https://video.detik.com/trans7/smil:trans7.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcS1LAR1UUsYqpBTkO5W4bnL-bWT3V5bReOiIA&usqp=CAU" group-title="VISION+", TRANS TV
https://video.detik.com/transtv/smil:transtv.smil/chunklist.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TransTV.id"  tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_87.png" group-title="VISION+",TransTV HD
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TransTV-2/sa_dash_vmx/TransTV-2.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Trans7.id"  tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_110.png" group-title="VISION+",Trans7 HD
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Trans7-2/sa_dash_vmx/Trans7-2.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://static.mncnow.id/images/channel/b32939e5/00e6_r32.jpg" group-title="VISION+",NET
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NetTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/NetTV-HD.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ANTV.id"  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2e/Antv_logo.svg/2560px-Antv_logo.svg.png" group-title="VISION+",ANTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ANTV/sa_dash_vmx/ANTV.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DAAITV.id" tvg-name="DAAI TV" tvg-logo="https://www.alinear.id/assets_web/images/article/daai-06_parabolakucom.jpg" group-title="VISION+",DAAI TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/DAAITV/sa_dash_vmx/DAAITV.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RajawaliTV.id"  tvg-logo="https://static.mncnow.id/images/channel/c8369888/3fdb_r32.jpg" group-title="VISION+",RTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTV/sa_dash_vmx/RTV.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KompasTV.id"  tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_106.png" group-title="VISION+",Kompas TV HD
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KompasTV/sa_dash_vmx/KompasTV.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/metro_tv.png" group-title="VISION+",Metro TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Metro-TV2/sa_dash_vmx/Metro-TV2.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/tvone.png" group-title="VISION+",TVOne
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVOne-2/sa_dash_vmx/TVOne-2.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://static.mncnow.id/images/channel/1f476919/6c87_r32.jpg" group-title="VISION+", SindoNews
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCnews-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCnews-HDD.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_83.png" group-title="VISION+",iNews
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/iNewsTV-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/iNewsTV-HDD.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/94/BTV_%28Indonesia%29_logo.svg/800px-BTV_%28Indonesia%29_logo.svg.png" group-title="VISION+",BTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeritaSatu/sa_dash_vmx/BeritaSatu.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://static.mncnow.id/images/channel/c57573a6/f784_r32.jpg" group-title="VISION+",TVRI Nasional
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/PemersatuBangsa/sa_dash_vmx/PemersatuBangsa.mpd


<================== Premium Movies ====================>

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQact9C_GLMPeGjyCuEwUqSS8qf-ULzv2bWWvtLr3dwejBBVe6LSZcVTc5Cr2WLo80q0x8&usqp=CAU" group-title="VISION+",Hits
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HITS/sa_dash_vmx/HITS.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://serpongupdate.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/HITS-Movies.jpg" group-title="VISION+",HitsMovies
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HitsMovies/sa_dash_vmx/HitsMovies.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_12.png" group-title="VISION+",Galaxy Premium
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/GalaxyPremium-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GalaxyPremium-HD.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_13.png" group-title="VISION+",Galaxy
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Galaxy-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Galaxy-HD.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9d/Paramount_Network_%28Blue%29_Logo.png" group-title="VISION+",Paramount Network
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Paramount-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Paramount-HD.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/KIX_LOGO_150x150.jpg" group-title="VISION+",KIX
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KIX/sa_dash_vmx/KIX.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/thrill_150x150px.jpg" group-title="VISION+", Thriil
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/celestial.png" group-title="VISION+",Celestial Movies
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialMovie/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialMovie.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRbU1wUrOkxigFiuaaz4BYJPXeTZ0x1a_c9XRZ6E-4A0dkyXTW9rKV6JBWE7c2jBzW9I28&usqp=CAU" group-title="VISION+",Celestial Classic
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialClassic/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialClassic.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://yt3.googleusercontent.com/kLDF64sdHJiS3n7t59yPqtNTsp3xjx4FhnTXg5RDubB2Ps7Pxc-mZpV8YezhdsJl7xB6r4Kpqg=s900-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" group-title="VISION+",Cinema World HD
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaWorld/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaWorld.mpd


#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_16.jpg" group-title="VISION+",MyCinema
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MyCinema/sa_dash_vmx/MyCinema.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_17.jpg" group-title="VISION+",MyCinema Asia
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MyCinema-Asia/sa_dash_vmx/MyCinema-Asia.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_15.jpg" group-title="VISION+",My Family
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MyFamily/sa_dash_vmx/MyFamily.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/Cinemachi.png" group-title="VISION+",Cinemachi HD
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cinemachi-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Cinemachi-HD.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_9.png" group-title="VISION+",Cinemachi Kids HD
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cinemachi-Kids-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Cinemachi-Kids-HD.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_8.png" group-title="VISION+",Cinemachi Action HD
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cinemachi-Action/sa_dash_vmx/Cinemachi-Action.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/Cinemachi%20MAX%20Square%20(black).png" group-title="VISION+",Cinemachi Max HD
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cinemachi-Max-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Cinemachi-Max-HD.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/Cinemachi%20Xtra%20(black).png" group-title="VISION+",Cinemachi Xtra HD
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cinemachi-Xtra-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Cinemachi-Xtra-HD.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://subsystem.indihome.co.id/cms-ih/assets/uploads/channel_list/UPLOAD-1613353271-.png" group-title="VISION+",Indonesia Movie Channel
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD/sa_dash_vmx/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bc/FMN_%28Forget_Me_Not%29_Channel.png" group-title="VISION+",FMN (Telenovela)
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FMN/sa_dash_vmx/FMN.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_23.png" group-title="VISION+",Zee Bioskop
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeBIOSKOP/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeBIOSKOP.mpd

<================ Korean Channels ===================>

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://static.mncnow.id/images/channel/8226bb83/185e_r32.jpg" group-title="VISION+",TVN
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvN/sa_dash_vmx/tvN.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_25.png" group-title="VISION+",TvN movies HD
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvNMovies/sa_dash_vmx/tvNMovies.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.visionplus.id/
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=YmZlN2E3Y2YtODY2NC0zNWZjLWI3MzUtYjY0Y2MxYzZjNTJj
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ONE.id"  tvg-logo="https://static.mncnow.id/images/channel/3ad70848/b686_r32.jpg" group-title="VISION+",ONE
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SetOne/sa_dash_vmx/SetOne.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-logo="https://anutv.xyz/gambar/premier.png" tvg-logo="https://anutv.xyz/gambar/premier.png" group-title="[LIVE] Premier League", LIVE Premier 1 ANUTV
https://anutv.xyz/live/epl/premier1.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://anutv.xyz/gambar/premier.png" group-title="[LIVE] Premier League", LIVE Premier 2 ANUTV
https://anutv.xyz/live/epl/premier2.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://anutv.xyz/gambar/premier.png" group-title="[LIVE] Premier League", LIVE Premier 3 ANUTV
https://anutv.xyz/live/epl/premier3.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://anutv.xyz/gambar/premier.png" group-title="[LIVE] Premier League", LIVE Premier 4 ANUTV
https://anutv.xyz/live/epl/premier4.m3u8

